rename repository name to emo (#7)
syumai/emojidata: README.md

# emo

[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/syumai/emo.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/syumai/emo)

> - emo is a CLI tool to fuzzy-find emojis.

Author: ```suggestion
- emo is a CLI tool to find emojis with fuzzy-find UI.
```

>   - This package is using provide emoji data of https://github.com/iamcal/emoji-data

Author: ```suggestion
  - This tool is using data of https://github.com/iamcal/emoji-data
```
